Thank you, come again!
SAKAMOTO'S
Man, Mister Sakamoto,
I can't get over how badass
you were the other day!
I've never witnessed close-quarters
combat as flawless as that before!
Even this far into retirement,
there's nobody who can match you.
You showed up, and you were like pow!
- Get back to work.
- And you iced pretty
- much all of em in one hit!
- What? "Iced"?
Beloved...
I know you're not about to tell me
you've gone back to killing, right?!
But... you killed like all
those dudes, didn't you?
None of their wounds were lethal.
Because,
sweetie... and I know you know this...
break the family rules
and I'll divorce you!
Dee vorce!
I'm glad we understand each other.
Now then, I'm gonna go sweep the sidewalk.
So uh... what are these family rules?
Why are you always
daydreaming about ways to take me out?!
You talk too much.
NIIKITA CHINATOWN
Wow, Niikita Chinatown is so big!
This place is great.
But... there must be some place closer
to home we could've stocked up, right?
Thank you!
- Can't buy more than fifty per day.
- Meat Buns? That's what we
came all the way here for?
To share with Aoi and Hana.
Oh man... he loves his family so much...
Say... what were those family rules
Missus Sakamoto was talking about?
Shut up. All you have to do is
think about it! Then I can stop asking!
Hey, get out of the way!
Mister Sakamoto!
The meat buns are crushed...
Maybe we could just dust
them off a little bit.
Nope, no we can't.
- Ah! There she is!
- You're in for it now!
Come back here!
MYSTERY WOMAN
LU SHAOTANG
You're not getting away. So quit
running, you scared little cat.
You're not good enough
to get your hands on me.
Oh boy. ' Mister Sakamoto?
This looks like it could be trouble.
The meat buns...
Wait, ' this isn't the time
to be worried about that!
Whoa. Is that tai chi?
We gotta surround her!
Come here!
Ha! I've got you now.
Let go of me!
We can't kill her but we can hurt her.
I'll start with her legs
so she can't run anymore.
How'd he do that?!
Don't move! You piece o' shit!
- Watch out!
- You're gonna die, you--
What the hell... She's good...
Look! She's over there!
And she's got her gang
with her! After them!
We're not a gang.
- But we should run anyway!
- Slow em down!
You're gonna die!
- Who the hell are you guys?
- Dammit.
What happened to the girl?
I'm afraid she gave us the slip...
She's on the run with a pair
of men we didn't recognize.
We'll figure out who they
are. Then we can track them.
So you lost her again?!
DANSHOKAI
CHAIRMAN
We already killed her entire family,
we had her cornered!
What was the point of that ' if she
gets away from us?! You're worthless!
I'm sorry, sir!
Oh, yeah? Well I'm done with you!
Get out of my sight.
Sir--
Hm?
Check it out, Son Hee. He's still
trying to breathe like he doesn't know
he's already dead.
Little brother... Stop playing around
with corpses. It's undignified, Bacho.
These two are insane.
Listen up. That girl has a key and I
need you to bring it to me.
Once I get my hands on it,
I'll have control of the black market.
You must catch that girl,
whatever it takes!
We can do that,
if we can kill anyone in our way.
Whatever it takes.
What?! You're from a mafia family?!
The Lu family?! They're famous!
Can you please keep it down?
Why are they chasing you?
- To get their hands on this.
- What's that?
It's a key to my family's secret safe.
- My parents entrusted it to me.
- Well, it's not worth dying over, is it?
I'd get rid of that thing.
I'd never do that!
My Mama and Papa...
They gave their lives to protect it...
Shaotang! Run, now!
Hurry! There's no time!
What kind of daughter would
throw it away now?
How could I look them in the eye when
I meet them in the afterlife? Anyway...
my sob story is none of your concern.
Sorry I got you involved in this.
- Here's where we say goodbye.
- Do you uh... You don't know
how to make meat buns, do you?
What? Meat buns?
Yeah, I think Papa had a recipe. So I
should know the basic flavors anyway, why?
Mister Sakamoto, are you sure
this is what you want to do?
- Hanging with her could be dangerous.
- Restocking the store can wait.
We're helping the girl.
When it's over,
you can thank us by making
your dad's meat buns.
Those are our conditions.
Huh? Who are you people?
Mister Sakamoto!
Mister Sakamoto!!
We wasted too much time talking
to each other. These two...
Great. Now we're in real trouble.
Bacho,
have I ever told you you have no style?
Gimme a break. Why should an assassin
be worried about style?
Kill the target on sight.
You can always arrange the
corpses nicely afterward.
But the problem is how
you kill your targets.
I swear, it's like talking to a monkey.
- I take it you know these guys?
- Son Hee and Bacho.
The Twin Assassins.
For a fee, they'll kill anyone.
And they don't ask questions.
They're serial killers,
who take pleasure in taking lives.
Disgusting creeps who bring the heads
of their victims home to sketch them.
Wow, I didn't know we were
famous. Isn't that great, Son Hee?
No, you fool. Hit men should live in
the shadows, you should be ashamed if you
- stand out.
- Couldn't have said it better myself!
Did we upset you by killing your friend?
Well aren't you a sensitive little flower?
What the hell are you talking about?
You think that was enough to kill him?
If you don't know Mister
Sakamoto, then you're an amateur at best.
Yap all you like, little dog.
Son of a...
Who do you think you are?
A red bean bun would be nice, too.
Where are we?
Impressive.
He must be a rather powerful man.
Don't you think?
The roof was rotting, so what?
Just another asshole we get to kill.
Woman.
Hand the key over to us now, and your
death will be a beautiful one. Sound fair?
My parents trusted me with this key.
- I'll gladly give my life to keep it safe!
- Ridiculous.
But your parents said the same thing
right before we killed them.
You fools. Caring more about your
trinkets than your own lives. That only
- proves how worthless you are.
- Shut your mouth!
No!
- What are you doing?!
- Moron. You can't let them
get under your skin so easy.
They can't get in that safe.
Everything my family's ever
cared about is in there.
Mama and Papa were protecting it...
- when these monsters...
- Let me help.
Now what would you do that for?
Sounds to me like she wants
to be with her parents again.
You can't choose what's important to
others. That's their decision to make.
I don't get it.
Why are you trying so hard to protect
somebody you don't even know?
You're covered in blood again.
I just got back from work.
You mean you just got back
from killing people, huh?!
How can you bear to do something so awful?
I couldn't afford to buy you
a present if I didn't work.
Well, I don't want a present that's
been stained with blood money like that.
- I've had enough.
- What?
If I can't convince you to change, then I...
Then I can't be with you.
Goodbye.
- What's going on?
- Someone just fell!
That was higher than I thought it was.
I'm glad there's snow on the ground.
Don't you see?
When I was falling,
you were thinking about how sad
you'd be if I died weren't you?
Do you get it?
You wanted to save me because
of how much I matter to you.
Everyone has someone that cherishes
them the way you cherish me.
Right now, I need you to make a promise.
Promise me you won't kill anyone.
This is our number one rule.
And to make up for the lives you've
already taken... ...from now on,
you'll devote yourself to
helping people instead.
Bleeding stopped.
No killing, Shin, right?
Right! Mister Sakamoto!
Quit acting like you're so cool, amateur!
Hm?
Turns out you're not half-bad.
Bacho, time to use it.
All right, big brother. ' Let's do it.
Iron Pot Special
Technique! Tofu Scramble!
Prepare to be shredded!
Huh?
Mister Sakamoto? Are you okay?
Pulled a neck muscle.
Here, this should help.
What? How did he dodge us?
No one's ever escaped our Tofu Scramble.
And he's huge!
How can he be completely unscathed?
Bacho, time for the other one.
All right, Big Brother. This will get him!
You're only the third person
to witness this one!
Iron Pot Special Technique!
Wha...
You bastard!
My chakram's supposed to be unbreakable...
and he shattered it! It's impossible!
Been a while since I held
something that heavy. Kinda hurt.
Your hand! Let me bandage it.
Dammit.
I'm not going to worry about them anymore.
I'll just kill the woman!
I can hear everything!
COOL IMPACT!!
Okay, I'm gonna ask again:
who the hell are you guys?
Just shopkeepers.
I don't get it, but I
guess I don't have to, huh?
Come on! What the hell are
Bacho and Son Hee doing?!
The treasure is right behind
these doors and yet...
I can't get in until those two
maniacs bring me the key!
Special delivery!
Bacho! Son Hee!
Wh... Who the hell are you two?
What's my security doing letting you--
Shut up.
- Don't say another word.
- I... who's that?
I'm so sorry! I shouldn't have done it!
I'll do anything you ask!
Anything! Please,
I want my Mama and Papa back but
you can't do that, can you?
Forgive--
Ask for forgiveness in hell.
That's all you're doing?
' You sure that's enough?
How 'bout a little more just in case?
Why do you have to think
about killing me all the time?!
Don't get carried away.
This is plenty.
Hm?
If I killed every person who'd
done me wrong it'd never stop.
Papa always said to live a happy life.
That's the best revenge.
Hey lady, how long's
it take to open a door?
Don't be so rude! '
And don't call me lady.
I have a name. It's Lu Shaotang.
This lock is tricky because
it's such an old key...
- Hey look at that, you got it.
- What's inside?
Why are you going in before I do?!
Treasure! Gold and silver and...
Huh?
Books... CDs... and stuffed animals?
There's all kinds of stuff here.
An inventory?
What do we have here...
? "Every generation's family head,
must offer their greatest
treasure to the Lu family
vault."
Okay, so everything in here
came from a different family head.
I wonder what Papa left behind.
- Care to share with the class?
- "Sake to drink with
Shaotang when she comes of age."
He always put me first...
Hellooo? What does it say?
It says that this is the most delicious
bottle of sake in the world. Have some!
As thanks for your help.
Okay, but it better be as good as you say.
I can't believe you held
onto those, Mister Sakamoto.
What are they? They all got smashed.
Yeah, because you jumped on them.
Didn't hurt the taste.
Wow! Japanese meat buns aren't too bad,
are they?
Shots fired in Niikita Chinatown yesterday
in what is believed to be a
dispute between members of the mafia.
Witnesses report--
Hey, good morning!
Keep it down. Head hurts. Hangover...
Here you go! Something to drink.
Hello--
- Boss Man, the apron's a perfect fit.
- Wait, what the hell are you doing here?!
Where else am I gonna work?
He hired me to make meat buns.
You have a mountain of
treasure, why do you need to work?
I can't just sell off my family
heirlooms like that. You dumbass.
- What'd you call me?!
- Would you prefer "dipshit"?
Keep it down. I'm begging you...
Oh, ' I almost forgot!
Hey, ' Mister Sakamoto?
I heard your story,
about why you quit killing.
Who told you?
You were thinking about it during the
fight yesterday. I just wanted to tell you
- that it really moved me.
- You're part of the family now, so
- you need to follow the rules, too.
- Okay!
"Rule number one: Never kill anyone."
- I'll kill you if you break them.
- You can't, that's against the rules!
This came from the JAA.
They've put a substantial bounty
on the big guy. A billion yen.